Purpose: This program explores the creation of a simple GUI, use of dialog boxes, validation, and exception handling.

In this assignment you will build on your instructor's solution to Program 1A/B (find under Course Documents). These files have been added to a Windows Forms project I've created for Program 2 (see attached file Prog2Start.zip ).

Next, you are asked to create a simple GUI that will serve as a front end for an application similar to MyUPS that we are calling a UserParcelView. I have written the class that will manage the business logic for the UserParcelView and it will be used by your Windows Forms application to accomplish the following. The application was demonstrated in class on October 18 (review Tegrity recording, if absent) and the general functionality of your program must match. Specifically, there must be a File menu with two items, About and Exit. The About item should display a dialog box with your name, section number, etc. The Exit item will exit the application. There must be an Insert menu with two items, Address and Letter. The Address item will display a modal dialog box with the form used to enter address information. All the fields will be text boxes except the state, which will use a combo box. Populate the list of states with at least four states. The address form must perform validation. Specifically, all text fields except address line 2 must contain text of some sort, a state must be selected, and the zip code must be valid (integer between 00000 - 99999). You may use the ErrorProvider component and the Validating and Validated events for the fields or some other approach. If the user enters valid information and submits the form, the address should be added to the list of addresses maintained by Program 2. The Letter item will display a modal dialog box with the form used to enter letter information. The current list of addresses will be used to populate combo boxes used to select the origin and destination addresses for the letter. You should use the address' Name property as the string listed in the combo boxes. As with the address form, you must perform validation on the letter form, requiring that different addresses be selected for origin and destination, and ensuring that the fixed cost field is non-negative. Again, you may use the ErrorProvider component and the Validating and Validated events or some other validation. The final menu is the Report menu and must have two items, List Addresses and List Parcels. These items will produce the list of addresses and parcels, respectively, using text box(es) on the Program 2 GUI. The parcel list should also display the total cost for shipping all the entered parcels. You should preload some addresses and parcels into the UserParcelView object being maintained by the main form, such as the lists of test addresses and parcels used in your instructor's solution to Program 1B.

All menus and menu items must be able to be activated using Alt-key shortcuts. Be sure to follow standard conventions for these when appropriate. No additional shortcut key combinations (such as CTRL-C, etc.) are necessary.